docs: update readme to reflect correct test terminology (#1733)
near/mpc: README.md

## Testing

### Terminology
We use the following terminology when referring to tests:
- _unit test_ -> a rust test in `/src` folder (per crate)
- _integration test_ -> a rust test in `/tests` folder (per crate)
- _system test_ -> a pytest in the `/pytest` folder

### Run tests

> - **Unit and integration tests**: Run with `cargo test --release` (`--release` flag is advised for performance reasons).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Unit and integration tests**: Run with `cargo test --profile test-release`
```

since #1676 we are running tests with a special profile instead

Reviewer 2: Ah good catch
